Say what you will about X, but its still the best place to watch powerful people slam each other on social media. Elon Musk walked into an unsuspecting Twitter beef this holiday weekend with none oth… WhatsApp boss Will Cathcart has hit back at claims from Elon Musk that the messaging app "exports your user data every night." Posting on X, Mr Cathcart said the allegation was simply "not correct".… Elon Musk has threatened to ban Apple devices from his companies over Apples newly announced ChatGPT integration. Apple Intelligence in iOS 18, iPadOS 18, and macOS Sequoia allows Siri to utilize Ch… OpenAI CEO Sam Altman and Elon Musk.Getty Images Elon Musk is umimpressed with OpenAI's new AI model.The Tesla CEO said the company's demo of its new AI model, GPT-4o "made me cring… "Too bad (sigh). I have some fond memories from a long time ago of eating at Red Lobster," Elon Musk said in an X post on Monday.Apu Gomes via Getty Images; Richard Levine/Corbis via Getty Images <u… Billionaire Elon Musk was clad in a batik shirt when he launched his Starlink satellite internet service in Bali, Indonesia on Sunday.Sonny Tumbelaka/AFP via Getty Images SpaceX CEO Elon Mus… Elon Musk has a contentious relationship with advertisers. He might be trying to make nice at a conference next week.Apu Gomes/Getty Images Elon Musk, who has a ... complicated relationship … Enlarge/ Tesla will have to rely on its Dojo supercomputer for a while longer after CEO Elon Musk diverted 12,000 Nvidia GPU clusters to X instead. 161 Elon Musk is yet again being accused of diver… A lawsuit alleging that Morgan Stanley assisted Elon Musk in secretly acquiring a stake of over 9% ownership in Twitter (now X) has been filed as an amended suit in Manhattan, brought by the Oklahoma… Elon Musk has stated on X that if Apple goes forward with plans announced at WWDC24 to integrate Siri with OpenAI’s ChatGPT, he will ban Apple devices from his companies. “If Apple integrates OpenAI… Elon Musk has labeled the new Recall feature unveiled by Microsoft a black mirror episode. Musk’s public rebuke of Microsoft’s Recall feature is particularly significant in the context of the ongoin… Donald Trump is reportedly considering a White House advisory role for Elon Musk should he win another term and become President of the United States once more. According to the Wall Street Journal,… Elon Musk.Steve Granitz/FilmMagic via Getty Images Tesla shareholders might have another reason to vote for Elon Musk's pay package this Thursday.Musk has been touting the benefits … Don't rule out the possibility of an X phone, says Elon Musk.Lisa O'Connor/AFP/Getty Images Elon Musk is eyeing a possible X phone.Musk, who owns X, formerly Twitter, said Tuesday s… xAI founder Elon Musk (left) and Meta's AI chief Yann LeCun (right).Steve Granitz/FilmMagic via Getty Images; Kevin Dietsch via Getty Images Elon Musk's feud with Meta AI chief Yann LeCun is… "Probably none of us will have a job," Elon Musk said Thursday, speaking remotely to the VivaTech 2024 conference in Paris. Instead, jobs will be optional — something we'd do like a hobby — "But othe… Elon Musk.Beata Zawrzel/Getty Images Elon Musk is rehiring some of the Tesla Supercharger staff he fired in April, Bloomberg reported.He made similar moves in the early days of his … Donald Trump and Elon Musk.Chip Somodevilla, Grzegorz Wajda/Getty Images Elon Musk's X is planning a live town hall event with Donald Trump, The Wall Street Journal reported.The pla… Elon Musk spoke at the VivaTech conference in Paris on Thursday.Apu Gomes via Getty Images Elon Musk said he wasn't involved in President Joe Biden's tariff on Chinese electric cars.<li… Elon Musk may build the Gigafactory of Compute in Memphis. Jon Kopaloff/Getty Elon Musk's xAI may build the world's largest supercomputer in Memphis, pending approval.The multi-bill… ALAIN JOCARD/ Getty Images Tesla investor Michael Perry sued Elon Musk for insider trading.He accused Musk of selling $7.5B worth of Tesla stock, knowing the company would miss Q4 t… (Reuters) - U.S. businessman Elon Musk recently told investors that his artificial intelligence startup xAI is planning to build a supercomputer to power the next version of its AI chatbot Grok, The … BOCA CHICA, TXReached for comment on whatever entirely predictable controversy the tech billionaire had gotten himself involved in this time, multiple bored and exhausted sources confirmed Monday tha… Tesla CEO Elon Musk said he was dissolving the company's Supercharger team last month.Beata Zawrzel/NurPhoto via Getty Images; Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) Tesla's Supercharger team was dec… Elon Musk, co-founder of Tesla and SpaceX and owner of X Holdings Corp., speaks at the Milken Institute's Global Conference at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, California.Apu Gomes/Getty Im… Elon Musk and Taylor Swift are known for their private jet travels.Getty Images President Biden passed a law allowing private aircraft owners to further cloak their travelsThe new l… Scarlett Johansson said she had declined an offer from Sam Altman to voice OpenAI's AI assistant.Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images Elon Musk has waded into the dispute between Sam Altman and Scarl… Tesla CEO Elon Musk.Beata Zawrzel/NurPhoto via Getty Images Elon Musk has been criticized for his decision to redirect Tesla's Nvidia chips to X. But Tesla's former head of AI infra… Elon Musk.Beata Zawrzel/NurPhoto via Getty Images Hong Kong authorities warned about a scam using deepfake Elon Musk videos to trick investors.The group claimed to provide an AI-dri… xAI founder Elon Musk (left) and Meta's AI chief Yann LeCun (right).Steve Granitz/FilmMagic via Getty Images; Kevin Dietsch via Getty Images Meta's AI chief Yann LeCun is an award-winning co… Nicole Shanahan in March 2024.Anadolu/Getty Images Nicole Shanahan took ketamine with Elon Musk and had a sexual encounter in 2021, NYT reported, citing multiple sources.Shanahan, a… Elon Musk (left) and former President Donald Trump (right).Beata Zawrzel/NurPhoto via Getty Images; Elijah Nouvelage / AFP via Getty Images Elon Musk defended Donald Trump on X after Trump's…  (Reuters) -Elon Musk said on Monday he would ban Apple devices at his companies if the iPhone maker integrates OpenAI at the OS level. "That is an unacceptable security violation," the Tesla CEO sai…  Tesla (TSLA) CEO Elon Musk reportedly ordered Nvidia (NVDA) to ship out and divert AI chips originally meant for Tesla to X and Musk's xAI startup, according to emails obtained by CNBC. The Morning B…  Attorney Nicole Shanahan has joked that Robert F. Kennedy Jr. chose her to be his running mate based on her staggering wealth,Brandon Bell/Getty Images Nicole Shanahan reportedly received ov… Elon Musk brought his son X to a meeting with Donald Trump and Nelson Peltz.Tayfun Coskun/Anadolu via Getty Images Elon Musk had breakfast with Donald Trump and Nelson Peltz in March, The Wa… Jamie Dimon and Elon Musk in 2024.Win McNamee for Getty Images and Apu Gomes for Getty Images Elon Musk and Jamie Dimon may be mending their nearly decade-long feud.Their strained r… Elon Musk.Apu Gomes via Getty Images Billionaire Elon Musk once fought a sumo wrestler, and says he's still paying the price for it."Had a few minutes of glory and 8 years of neck p… Tesla is offering investors the chance to take a tour of the Austin gigafactory with Elon Musk.SUZANNE CORDEIRO/Getty Images Tesla is offering a potential Gigafactory tour with Elon Musk to …  Elon Musk is pretty big on making promises he cant keep. If its not cars that can actually drive themselves or affordable electric vehicles, then its canceled features and backtracked launch dates. N… SpaceX’s Starship spacecraft separating from the first-stage Super Heavy rocket in the vehicle’s second integrated test flight in November 2023.SpaceX SpaceX boss Elon Musk has said the mighty Stars… SpaceX’s Starship rocket on the launchpad at Boca Chica, Texas, in June 2024.SpaceX SpaceX chief Elon Musk said on Monday that the mighty Starship rocket “is ready to fly.” The spaceflight company … SpaceX’s Super Heavy on the launchpad ahead of a test.SpaceX SpaceX performed the fourth test flight of its massive Starship rocket on Thursday, with the first-stage Super Heavy booster powering the…  The face of a man whos never been disowned by any of his kids for not accepting their identity - Photo: SONNY TUMBELAKA/AFP (Getty Images) Elon Musk has recently become convinced that hisfloundering… Elon Musk.Beata Zawrzel/Getty Images Elon Musk appears to be trigger-happy when it comes to firing his employees. Tesla is rehiring some of the nearly 500 Supercharger staff members Musk fired in A…  ALAIN JOCARD/ Getty Images A Tesla investor accused Elon Musk of using insider information on his company to sell $7.5 billion worth of Tesla stock in 2022, according to a lawsuit filed Thursday in … It really seems like Tesla CEO Elon Musk is pushing his automakers needs by the wayside in favor of Twitter and his artificial intelligence company, xAI. It also looks as if Musk is going back on his… CHIHUAHUAN DESERT, TXTearing through the desert wasteland with a fleet of self-driving Tesla Model 3s in pursuit, a mechanical-armed Grimes reportedly fled Elon Musks compound Friday with five of the…  Tesla CEO Elon Musk, head of the world's largest EV manufacturer, doesn't want Washington's help in the auto market. Last week, the Biden administration announced it will hike tariffs on Chinese EVs … One of the biggest announcements Apple made at WWDC 2024 is Apple Intelligence. This is basically Apples take on AI. The company also announced a partnership with OpenAI to leverage some of its tech … What you need to know Elon Musk predicts a job-free future with the prevalence of AI.Musk says jobs will turn into optional hobbies.The billionaire says the government will… What you need to know Apple just announced its partnership with OpenAI, bringing ChatGPT to its ecosystem.While the iPhone maker potentially addressed security and privacy concerns … Having covered multiple Microsoft events in the past, this week's special press event where the company unveiled its new lineup of Surface hardware powered by Qualcomm's cutting-edge Snapdragon X Ser… What you need to know OpenAI recently filed a copyright infringement against a popular subreddit for unauthorized use of its logo.The move has sparked hot debates across social medi… iOS 18 includes a swathe of new Apple Intelligence features, as well as integration with ChatGPT for things like image generation and writing assistance. Users can optionally pass off their Siri requ… Good morning! Its Monday, June 4, 2024, and this is The Morning Shift, your daily roundup of the top automotive headlines from around the world, in one place. Here are the important stories you need … Apple has entered into a partnership with OpenAI.The partnership will bring ChatGPT-like features to iPhone, iPad, and iOS.Elon Musk warns that hell ban Apple devices at all… Elon Musks xAI has raised $6 billion USD in a recent Series B round. The company, which was launched just last year, says it plans to use the money to continue on [a] steep trajectory of progress in …   Today, Twitter officially changed their URL from one of the most recognizable brand names in the world to the letter X, and thats still not as embarrassing as Elon Musks continued attempts to convinc… Elon Musk has been talking with Donald Trump several times a month, about a wide range of topics, according to a new report from the Wall Street Journal. And while Musk has denied rumors that he migh… A Tesla investor is suing Elon Musk, claiming he engaged in insider trading in 2022. The plaintiff, Michael Perry, said Musk knew Tesla was going to disappoint the market with its fourth-quarter ear… Elon Musks artificial intelligence startup, xAI, now has an intended home for its unbuilt supercomputer. The billionaire chose Memphis, Tennessee for his gigafactory of compute, the worlds largest s… We're likely still a month or so away from the next launch of SpaceX's Starship megarocket. That was the timeline Elon Musk offered in a post on X over the weekend, saying Starship's next test fligh… Minutes after it became clear that Javier Milei had been elected president of South Americas second-largest nation in November, Elon Musk posted on X: Prosperity is ahead for Argentina. Since then, … X Premium users have been able to hide the posts theyve liked for months now, but the feature may soon become the default for everyone. A director of engineering at X said the platform is making like… The U.S. National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) has said it will suspend an administrative case against SpaceX over the alleged illegal firing of engineers who criticized CEO Elon Musk. The labor bo… Activist investor Nelson Peltz is throwing in the towel when it comes to his Disney ambitions for good this time. CNBC, citing an unnamed source familiar with the matter, reports that Peltz, who has… Starship, a fully reusable megarocket developed by SpaceX, has completed just four live tests and broken the Earths atmosphere. But founder Elon Musk is shooting far above that past the Moon, past Ma… For years, Tesla has invested heavily in artificial intelligence and devoted massive resources toward advancing driver assistance technology, humanoid robots, and data centers. But Elon Musk appears … Teslas push for growth in the worlds largest auto market is being led by CEO Elon Musks focus on artificial intelligence and self-driving vehicles. Reuters, citing unnamed sources with knowledge of … Foreign automakers are expected to face even more competition in China from domestic car companies, as Xiaomi reportedly has plans for an electric SUV to rival Tesla. The Chinese smartphone maker ma… SpaceX has reportedly entered discussions for an insider-only stock sale that could value the company at about $200 billion although Elon Musk says otherwise. Bloomberg News, citing unnamed sources … Tesla CEO Elon Musk says the vast majority of Teslas retail shareholders who have voted ahead of the companys Thursday meeting have done so in favor of his lucrative compensation package. So far, ro… Apple finally unveiled its generative artificial intelligence plans involving OpenAI and ChatGPT and not everyone is happy. If Apple integrates OpenAI at the OS level, then Apple devices will be ban… Elon Musk fired the head of Teslas Supercharger department late last month, along with her entire 500-person team. It was a confusing decision that raised more questions than answers, especially cons… Legendary short-seller Jim Chanos is best known for making a fortune after spotting fraud at Enron and for his bearish bets against Tesla. Now, hes being accused of misappropriating company funds for… AI-generated media imitating public figures have caused a stir across many realms of life pop culture, religion, politics, and more. As generative artificial intelligence continues to advance, the ea… A refreshed Tesla Model Y is not in the cards for the automaker in 2024, according to CEO Elon Musk. This can be seen as a bit of a bummer to folks who wanted a Model Y with all of the updates seen i… Say what you will about X, but its still the best place to watch powerful people slam each other on social media. Elon Musk walked into an unsuspecting Twitter beef this holiday weekend with none oth…  As the deadline approaches for Tesla investors to vote their shares for or against Elon Musks $46 billion pay package, the electric vehicle maker is pulling out all the stops to increase engagement. … Elon Musk is many things. One of those things is a donut lover. The Tesla CEO has gone on the record revealing that he eats a donut every morning. Thats a lot of donuts. But how many could he buy wi… A portion of the United Statess tariffs on a range of Chinese exports, including electric vehicles, are set to take effect on August 1. President Joe Biden earlier this month said tariffs on some EV… As Teslas annual shareholders meeting approaches, the company is ramping up its pushback against groups asking investors to vote against Elon Musks $46 billion compensation package. The California … changed its terms of service to formally allow users to post adult content. Prior to the rule change, the platform had an unofficial policy that allowed users to upload such content, but it was neith… He flirts with Trump, but his businesses are in line with Bidens priorities. #trump This story appeared on wsj.com, 2024-05-30. About This Page This is a Techmeme archive page. It shows how the site appeared at 2:00 AM ET, May 19, 2024. The most current version of the site as always is available at our home page. To view … Amazon founder Jeff Bezos overtook French luxury goods tycoon Bernard Arnault as the second wealthiest person in the world on Monday morning after LVHMs shares fell about 2.88% and Amazon shares slig… About This Page This is a Techmeme archive page. It shows how the site appeared at 1:55 PM ET, May 28, 2024. The most current version of the site as always is available at our home page. To view … Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space. In order to do so, please f… To briefly outline the crisis in question, the UN Water group puts it this way: Water is a finite resource in growing demandClimate change is making water scarcity worse, and more u… 