Israel and Egypt are locked in a row over the Rafah border crossing, blaming each other for its continued closure as Gaza's humanitarian crisis worsens. Israeli forces have taken control of the Gaza… By Jon Donnison, BBC News Grief in Gaza as scores killed in IDF hostage raid Two days after Israel's operation to free four of its citizens from central Gaza, more details are emerging of how Satur… This was the outcome Israel sought to avoid: a demand to halt a military operation the government regards as essential for the defeat of Hamas and the return of hostages. But there is no immediate i… Air strikes against targets in Rafah have been carried out in recent daysImage caption: Air strikes against targets in Rafah have been carried out in recent days Biden's statement comes as Israel pr… Yolande Knell,Rushdi Abu Alouf Israeli forces pulled out of Gaza City's al-Shifa Hospital in April After Israeli forces pulled out of Gaza Citys vast al-Shifa hospital complex on 1 April, followin… Good morning. You're reading the Up First newsletter. Subscribe here to get it delivered to your inbox, and listen to the Up First podcast for all the news you need to start your day. Today's top st… JERUSALEM Israel said Saturday it rescued four hostages who were kidnapped in a Hamas-led attack on Oct. 7, in the largest such hostage recovery operation since the war with Hamas began in Gaza. The… Israeli military spokesman Rear Adm. Daniel Hagari stands at the opening to a tunnel near the border with Israel on Dec. 15, 2023, northern Gaza Strip. The Israeli military said this was the largest … Good morning. You're reading the Up First newsletter. Subscribe here to get it delivered to your inbox, and listen to the Up First podcast for all the news you need to start your day. Today's top st… An Israeli rescue operation freed four Israeli hostages and, according to sources at a hospital in Gaza, resulted in the deaths of more than 200 people. Citadel CEO Ken Griffin.Apu Gomes via Getty Images Anti-Israel protesters are just engaging in a form of performance art, says Citadel CEO Ken Griffin."Freedom of speech does not gi… Rep. Ritchie Torres of New York was among the House Democrats who voted for the GOP-led bill.AP Photo/Mariam Zuhaib Biden is withholding some military aid to Israel over concerns with its wa… Human rights attorney Amal Clooney in 2019.Dominic Lipinski/PA Images via Getty Images The ICC's decision to charge Israel and Hamas leaders was made with help from Amal Clooney.Clo… U.S. President Joe Biden speaks with Secretary of State Antony Blinken in the East Room of the White House on April 11, 2024 in Washington, DC.Andrew Harnik/Getty Images US officials have ex… President Joe Biden is facing pressure from young progressives over his support of Israel's war in Gaza.Sean Rayford/Getty Images Israel expects its war against Hamas to last months more — p… Smoke rises after Israeli airstrikes in eastern Rafah, Gaza, on May 7, 2024.Anadolu via Getty Images An Egyptian spy ruined a potential cease-fire deal between Israel and Hamas.The … Israeli soldiers are seen near the Gaza Strip border in southern Israel on March 4, 2024.AP Photo/Ohad Zwigenberg Israel ran a secret influence campaign to gain US support for its war in Gaz…   Israeli military officials said the four rescued hostages are in good medical condition. Including this operation, seven hostages have been rescued alive since the start of the war. Photo: Marko Djur…   Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina.AP Photo/Andrew Harnik Sen. Lindsey Graham hailed the bombings of Nagasaki and Hiroshima as an example of why Israel needs more munitions.Graha… Sen. Chris Coons, D-Del., and Rep. Michael McCaul, R-Texas, clashed over President Joe Biden's warning that he could suspend some military aid to Israel after a State Department report found it possi…   BRUSSELS (AP) Relations between the European Union and Israel took a nosedive on the eve of the diplomatic recognition of a Palestinian state by EU members Ireland and Spain, with Madrid suggesting s… JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Intel Corp is halting plans for a $25-billion factory in Israel, Israeli financial news website Calcalist said on Monday, in a report that the chipmaker did not confirm or deny.…    ABU DHABI, United Arab Emirates (AP) American comedian Dave Chappelle called the Israeli war on Hamas in Gaza a genocide Thursday to cheers during his performance in the capital of the United Arab Em…  As a siren sounds, fighter jets put on a display and Israelis stop to mark remembrance day, or Yom Hazikaron. The day was enacted into law to commemorate those who sacrificed their lives for the fou… An Egyptian soldier has been killed in an incident involving Egyptian and Israeli troops in the border area near Rafah. The Egyptian and Israeli militaries are investigating what happened. Israeli … VENTURA, Calif. A judge decided Wednesday that a Southern California college professor will stand trial for involuntary manslaughter and battery in the death of a Jewish counter-protester during demo… THE HAGUE, Netherlands The top United Nations court ordered Israel on Friday to immediately halt its military offensive in the southern Gaza city of Rafah but stopped short of ordering a cease-fire f… Israels foreign minister traveled to France on Tuesday to help contain the fallout from the International Criminal Court prosecutor Karim Khans decision to seek arrest warrants for some of the countr… NEW YORK Student editors at the Columbia Law Review say they were pressured by the journals board of directors to halt publication of an academic article written by a Palestinian human rights lawyer … WASHINGTON (AP) The Biden administration has told key lawmakers it is sending a new package of more than $1 billion in arms and ammunition to Israel, two congressional aides said Tuesday. It's the f… Amal Clooney is one of the legal experts who recommended that the chief prosecutor of the world's top war crimes court seek arrest warrants for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and leaders o… ATLANTA President Joe Biden on Sunday told the graduating class at Morehouse College that he heard their voices of protest over the Israel-Hamas war, and that scenes from the conflict in Gaza have be… President Biden took the unusual step of detailing an offer to Hamas that would end the war in Gaza, describing the proposal as a new initiative by Israel. But Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is si… The decision by Norway, Ireland, and Spain to recognize a Palestinian state is a symbolic gesture, but in the context of the war in Gaza, it delivers a huge blow to Israel and a modest boost to Hamas…   By Hugo Bachega, Middle East correspondent The dramatic rescue of four Israeli hostages in Gaza amid efforts to try to get Israel and Hamas to agree to a ceasefire has raised questions over the impa… Benjamin Netanyahu has insisted there will be no permanent ceasefire in Gaza until Hamas military and governing capabilities are destroyed and all hostages are released. The statement from Israel's… Israel's military says it has established the deaths of four more people abducted by Hamas on 7 October. It says the four were killed while together during an Israeli operation in Khan Younis in sou…  At least 18 suspects were arrested on suspicion of "violent crimes, assault and threats and disorderly conduct at the annual march to mark Jerusalem Day," according to Israeli Police. The march of f… Fallout continues on Capitol Hill over President Joe Biden's pause of a bomb shipment to Israel, and his warning the U.S. won't supply weapons that could be used in an invasion of Rafah, a city in so… President Joe Biden's national security adviser said Wednesday that Israel has made "refinements" to its military operations in and around Rafah following pushback from Israeli Prime Minister Benjami… Centrist Israeli minister Benny Gantz announced Sunday that he was resigning from the emergency government because of what he has described as a lack of a plan from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Ne… In a phone call Sunday with his Israeli counterpart, White House National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan expressed an "ironclad U.S. commitment" to Israel but also voiced the Biden administration's c…   I am a member of a strange club that nobody wants to belong to, but whose numbers are steadily growing: innocent people convicted in Iran of espionage for what Iranian officials call the “tyrannical … Lucy Williamson,Middle East correspondent Hezbollah rockets have sparked days of bushfires in northern Israel, with swathes of forest reserve destroyed and 11 people hospitalised for smoke inhalatio… Democratic Sen. Chris Murphy tells CNNs Dana Bash that President Biden is ignoring the extremes of the debate over Israels war in Gaza.   MADRID (Reuters) - Spain has requested to intervene in South Africa's genocide case against Israel's actions in Gaza at the International Court of Justice (ICJ), Foreign Minister Jose Manuel Albares …   Israeli forces say they have completed a nearly three-week operation in northern Gaza where they conducted dozens of airstrikes and recovered the bodies of seven hostages. The news comes as the U.N.'…  The calls for a ceasefire in Gaza are getting louder around the world. In Canada, Foreign Minister Melanie Joly just added her voice, saying The level of human suffering is catastrophic. The Internat… As of this writing, Israels war in Gaza has claimed the lives of more than 34,000 Palestinians, including 14,680 women, children, and elderly people, according to the United Nations. But that is just…   Like most of my colleagues in the international human rights movement, I use the term “genocide” sparingly. During my fifteen-year tenure at Human Rights Watch (HRW), which I cofounded in 1978, I app… In the wee hours of May 8, police officers in Washington, DC violently cleared the pro-Palestine encampment at George Washington University (GW) with the help of pepper spray, arresting 33 people. Un…  NewsFeed Israeli forces have been targeting hospitals in northern Gaza again. Video showed medical staff and patients, including a newborn, fleeing Kamal Adwan Hospital after Israeli missiles struck… Thirteen out of 21 people killed by Israel in an air strike on the so-called safe area of al-Mawasi were civilian women and girls, Al Jazeeras Hind Khoudary reported on Tuesday. This was the second … As the war on Gaza closes in on eight months of violence, support in Israel for the campaign is waning. Columns in The Jerusalem Post speak of compassion fatigue while on the fringes of Gaza, reserv… Watch the goals as Thomas-inspired Scotland hammer Israel. Video, 00:02:30Watch the goals as Thomas-inspired Scotland hammer Israel The handwritten journal pages of Israel's first astronaut have been added to the country's national library in Jerusalem, more than 20 years after they were found among the debris from the NASA trage… Israel says it will return a camera and broadcasting equipment it had seized from The Associated Press this week after the country’s government faced mounting criticism from media groups. On Tuesday… As the US continues to stand by Israel amid its widening offensive in Gazas southernmost city of Rafah, the International Criminal Court (ICC) is considering arrest warrants for Israeli and Hamas lea… NewsFeed Hundreds of thousands of Palestinians are displaced, their homes turned to rubble and their futures indefinitely on hold. Al Jazeeras Urooba Jamal recounts speaking to a young student, a fa… NewsFeed Stop the carnage, South Africa told the ICJ in their third attempt to seek provisions against Israel in its war on Gaza. At todays hearing, the UNs top court was told an end to the hostilit… Inside the labyrinth of the State Departments mechanisms that allow the flow of weapons to Israel, despite violations.Over the years, the United States government has been creating special mechanisms… NewsFeed Israeli forces have launched a new offensive in northern Gaza, months after saying Hamas had been dismantled there. Residential areas sheltering displaced Palestinians have been flattened a… Israeli journalist Gideon Levy on the implications of Israels strategy for long-term war in Gaza.Given a choice between war and getting all its captives back, Israel has opted for more war, argues Is… Johannesburg, South Africa On May 13, 10 tents were pitched on the pristine lawns of the University of the Witwatersrand (Wits University) in Johannesburg. It was a pro-Palestine encampment that beca… Hamas official Osama Hamdan has said that there is no need for new negotiations with Israel, amid Israeli media reports that there is an intention to renew Gaza truce talks. In a phone interview wit… NewsFeed This Palestinian citizen of Israel was detained over a social media post which reportedly sympathised with those killed in Israels strike on Rafah, Gaza. The beauty store owner was blindfol… NewsFeed Forests in northern Israel have been engulfed by wildfires started by Hezbollah rockets from south Lebanon. NewsFeed The UNs top court is ordering Israel to immediately halt its offensive on Rafah, open the border crossing to let aid to flow freely into Gaza and to allow unimpeded access for investigators… When on May 10, the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) voted overwhelmingly in favour of Resolution ES-10/23 relating to Palestines membership application, some media qualified it as support for … Lawmakers in the United States have slammed the International Criminal Courts (ICCs) decision to seek arrest warrants for senior Israeli officials accused of war crimes in Gaza with some Republicans … NewsFeed Israel and Hamas are both condemning a decision by the International Criminal Courts chief prosecutor to seek arrest warrants for their leaders. Israel says the application is a crime of hi… A little girl in pink pyjamas has been settled on a bloodied bed at Kuwait Specialty Hospital in Gazas southern city of Rafah, her face bewildered as she blinks repeatedly. Shrapnel tore a gaping wo… Tensions and tit-for-tat attacks are escalating between Israel and the Lebanese group Hezbollah. Since October 8, Hezbollah has engaged Israel in a low-level conflict to impede Israels war on Gaza, … The Israeli military is conducting intense assaults across the Gaza Strip by air, land and sea, causing many casualties and spreading fear among its war-weary displaced population. Dozens of air rai… Israeli forces have bombed a United Nations-linked school in central Gaza, killing at least 32 displaced Palestinians and injuring dozens more, according to officials and local media. Hamas, which g… The chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Court (ICC) has applied for arrest warrants against top Israeli and Hamas leaders for alleged war crimes. ICC Prosecutor Karim Khan said on Monday … United States President Joe Biden has defended Israel against war crimes charges in the worlds top courts. Bidens remarks came after Karim Khan, the chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Co… 