 Sign up for the Slashdot newsletter! OR check out the new Slashdot job board to browse remote jobs or jobs in your areaDo you develop on GitHub? You can keep using GitHub but automatically sync your … Nvidia exceeded expectations thanks to ongoing demand for its AI chips.Justin Sullivan/Getty Nvidia's Q1 revenue hit a record $26 billion, surpassing analyst estimates.Nvidia also g… Enlarge/ Nvidia's CEO Jensen Huang delivers his keystone speech ahead of Computex 2024 in Taipei on June 2, 2024. 18 On Sunday, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang reached beyond Blackwell and revealed the com… 13 Some of the most infamous so-called shadow libraries have increasingly faced legal pressure to either stop pirating books or risk being shut down or driven to the dark web. Among the biggest targ… 3 On Thursday, several major tech companies, including Google, Intel, Microsoft, Meta, AMD, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Cisco, and Broadcom, announced the formation of the Ultra Accelerator Link (UA… Nvidia has confirmed it will accelerate quantum computing operations in different worldwide locations using the open-source Nvidia CUDA-Q platform. A company press release provided all of the detail…  Fans of large numbers will be happy to know that Apple became a $3 trillion company again today based on market cap, which is the total value of all of the company's outstanding shares. However, chip… Some of the most infamous so-called shadow libraries have increasingly faced legal pressure to either stop pirating books or risk being shut down or driven to the dark web. Among the biggest targets … Nvidia's milestone is the latest stunning mark in a run that has seen the stock soar more than 3,224% over the past five years. The company will split its stock 100-for-1 later this month. Apple was … Intel showed its new Xeon 6 data center processors with more efficient cores that will allow operators to cut down the space required for a given task to a third of prior-generation hardware. Like ri… Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang.Vincent Thian/AP The price of a single Nvidia share is about to plummet, making the AI stock far more affordable.The microchip giant's first-quarter earnings… Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang.Sam Yeh/AFP via Getty Images China wants its chip hungry tech giants to buy local, per The Information. Companies like Alibaba were told to pare down their s… Jensen Huang at the Taipei Dome in Taipei, Taiwan.Gene Wang/Getty Images Nvidia's Jensen Huang has zoomed up Bloomberg's rich list to rank 13th with a $107 billion fortune.Only Mich… Jensen Huang, CEO of Nvidia.Sam Yeh/AFP/Getty Images Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang received a $34.2 million compensation package in fiscal 2024.Huang's pay rose 60% from 2023, driven by N… Nvidia is based in Santa Clara, California.Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Nvidia could soon become the world's most valuable company.That's despite the chipmaker being no household na…      Dell has announced an expansion of its partnership with Nvidia, alongside the release of new servers, PCs, and services to enhance the companys AI offerings. During the 2024 Dell Technologies World,… Nvidia CEO and co-founder Jensen Huang saw his net worth significantly increase on Thursday (May 23) as shares of his semiconductor company, a key player in the artificial intelligence sector, hit a … TSMC CEO CC Wei (left) called Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang (right) the 'three trillion guy.'Sam Yeh/AFP/Getty Images, Slaven Vlasic/Getty Images for The New York Times TSMC's CEO hinted at raisin… Tesla CEO Elon Musk.Beata Zawrzel/NurPhoto via Getty Images Elon Musk has been criticized for his decision to redirect Tesla's Nvidia chips to X. But Tesla's former head of AI infra… Chelsea Jia Feng/BI This post originally appeared in the Insider Today newsletter.You can sign up for Business Insider's daily newsletter here.Happy Friday! Yes, there are… Jensen Huang said the physical AI that powers robots is "the next wave of AI."Justin Sullivan/Getty Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang highlighted robots — again — at a Taiwan tech conference Sunday.</…  Nvidia (NVDA) shares are popping in Wednesday's extended trading after beating earnings estimates for its fiscal first-quarter 2025, posting revenue of $26 billion (expected $24.69 billion) and adjus…    Tesla (TSLA) CEO Elon Musk reportedly ordered Nvidia (NVDA) to ship out and divert AI chips originally meant for Tesla to X and Musk's xAI startup, according to emails obtained by CNBC. The Morning B… Nvidia Nvidia is now the second most valuable company in the U.S., taking a back seat only to Microsoft by about $140 billion (a small amount given the scale we’re dealing with here). The company cr… May jobs day in the US is a tale of two labor market reports. The establishment survey which asks businesses about employment levels was quite solid, showing job growth of 272,000 that exceeded econ… Rob, Alice, and Jim Walton at a Walmart annual meeting in Fayetteville, Arkansas.Rick T. Wilking/Getty Images The heirs to Walmart founder Sam Walton have added $53.7 billion to their combin… Kunal Khullar / Digital Trends Rumors are starting to circulate around Nvidia’s upcoming RTX 50-series GPUs, which are expected to begin rolling out later this year. Specs for the full range of desk… Luke Larsen / Digital Trends When Microsoft announced Copilot+ PCs a few weeks back, one question reigned supreme: Why can’t I just run these AI applications on my GPU? At Computex 2024, Nvidia fina…  Record quarterly revenue of $26.0 billion, up 18% from Q4 and up 262% from a year ago Record quarterly Data Center revenue of $22.6 billion, up 23% from Q4 and up 427% from a year ag… Back in March, I wrote the following footnote in a post about NVIDIA's just-announced Blackwell chips: NVIDIA is getting dangerously close to passing Apple -- yes, Apple -- in market cap. Forget Int…  (Bloomberg) -- Nvidia Corp. Chief Executive Officer Jensen Huang unveiled new software and services aimed at spreading artificial intelligence computing throughout the economy, a movement that he des…  Nvidia's (NVDA) fiscal first-quarter earnings results are the biggest story in this installment of Market Domination Overtime with Julie Hyman and Josh Lipton. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI)… Jacob Roach / Digital Trends In the past couple of years, we have seen desktop class graphics cards not only grow in terms of performance, but also their physical size. This has been a point of conc… Nvidia “The future is never far away.” That’s the comment Nvidia made yesterday on social media about an old April Fool’s joke about AI in games. Here’s the context: In 2017, Nvidia made a silly Ap… NVIDIA's GeForce RTX 4060 graphics card (GPU) remains a top option for many gamers looking to land a premium 1080p experience with extra features like DLSS 3 and ray tracing support. The RTX 4060 was… At its Computex 2024 keynote, NVIDIA announced that Copilot Plus features would be coming to RTX-powered devices in the near future. NVIDIA detailed five notebooks from ASUS and a model from MSI that… I don't even know how many hours I've spent playing on my Steam Deck since I got it, but it must be dozens of hours if not hundreds. One thing is for certain, while it's fun to use, Valve's handheld … Nvidia has overtaken AAPL in the market cap stakes, as its valuation exceeded $3T. The company’s rise in value has been truly spectacular, increasing from $2T back in February to more than $3T just f…    Nvidia has cut the price of special GPUs it makes for the Chinese market in the face of local competition from Huawei. The GPU giant developed new products last year for the vast, lucrative China ma… Thursday, June 6th, 2024 Market indices took a breather today. Only the Dow closed in the green on a tepid trading day overall, +0.20%, while the S&amp;P 500 finished -0.02%, the Nasdaq down -0.09% …  Nvidia's (NVDA) market cap briefly surpassed $3 trillion ahead of the company's planned 10-for-1 stock split on Friday after the market close. S3 Partners Managing Director Ihor Dusaniwsky joins Mark… What you need to know NVIDIA has announced seven games have been added to NVIDIA GeForce NOW's library.These new additions to NVIDIA GeForce NOW are Street Fighter 6, XDefiant, Kill… PC gaming refuses to slow down, and the technology behind it keeps getting better. The frames displayed on your screen are often no longer a "raw" look at your favorite game, created by your favorite… ISC Power use effectiveness PUE for short has long been the spec by which datacenter efficiency has been measured. But after nearly two decades Nvidia believes it's time for a new metric. PUE itself… Computex Intel CEO Pat Gelsinger has used his keynote address at the Computex conference in Taiwan to fire back at competitors Qualcomm and Nvidia, and reveal a product he thinks will make his assert… Key Takeaways NVIDIA dominates the GPU market with an 80% market share and boasts impressive shipment growth. NVIDIA's GPUs outperform AMD in benchmarks with top-tier models like … Thus far, chip giant NVIDIA has been the main financial beneficiary of the Artificial Intelligence boom. The company published its latest quarterly results last week, reporting $26 billion in reven… Key Takeaways Higher refresh rates lead to smoother visuals in gaming, but require technology like FreeSync or G-Sync to optimize GPU and monitor sync. Nvidia's G-Sync is more adv… The tech-heavy Nasdaq climbed above 17,000 points Tuesday morning as AI stock Nvidia continued to rise. With this move, the index has made a record for the third consecutive week. Nvidia shares sur… A new report suggests the United States government is planning antitrust suits against NVIDIA, OpenAI, and Microsoft.Allegedly, the DOJ will go after NVIDIA, while the FTC will go af… Almost one third of respondents in a new Bloomberg Markets Live Pulse Survey said they are turning to tech stocks, not gold, to shield themselves from inflation. And leading that pack is AI chipmaker… Ubuntu first switched to using Wayland as its default display server in 2017 before reverting the following year. It tried again in 2021 and has stuck with it since. But while Wayland is what most o…  About This Page This is a Techmeme archive page. It shows how the site appeared at 12:15 AM ET, May 24, 2024. The most current version of the site as always is available at our home page. To view…  Our free, fast, and fun briefing on the global economy, delivered every weekday morning. Shares of Nvidia climbed 7% in pre-market trading on Thursday to $1,016 a share following its hotter-than-expected first-quarter earnings report. The chipmakers stock price passed $1,000 for the fir… Our free, fast, and fun briefing on the global economy, delivered every weekday morning. Nvidia has seen its revenue, shares, and valuation rocket this year and now its ranking on the Fortune 500 has too. The chipmaker rose 87 spots on this years Fortune 500, ranking 65 on the list of t… Nvidia unveiled its highly-anticipated artificial intelligence chip platform, Blackwell, in March, and already has its successors lined up. Chief executive Jensen Huang announced the Blackwell Ultra… Our free, fast, and fun briefing on the global economy, delivered every weekday morning. Nvidia beat Wall Streets expectations again, reporting a first quarter revenue of $26 million for fiscal year 2025 up 262% from a year ago. Ahead of its earnings report, the chipmakers share price w… Nvidia is powering the current wave of generative artificial intelligence, and chief executive Jensen Huang says robots are next. The next wave of AI is physical AI, Huang said Sunday ahead of COMPU… Short sellers are betting billions more against Nvidia than they are Apple and Tesla. Outstanding short bets against Nvidia total $34 billion, S3 Partners data reviewed by Reuters shows. Thats nearly… How's NVIDIA GeForce Now doing? Pretty damn well, actually. This past week, NVIDIA GeForce Now added World of Warcraft to the service, as part of Microsoft honoring its agreement to bring Activisio… After delivering its highly anticipated first-quarter earnings report, Nvidias stock price opened at above $1,000 Thursday morning. Nvidias shares were up 9% at around $1,031, after it crossed the $… Nvidia is known for being the worlds most valuable chip company and its reputation now tops the list of Americas most visible brands, according to a new survey. The chipmaker was ranked number one o… What you need to know NVIDIA is now the second most valuable company in the world, ahead of Apple, and has over $3 trillion in market capitalization.The chip maker's success can be … What you need to know NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang says robots will be the next wave of AI.Huang indicated that self-driving cars and humanoid robots will dominate this category.<li… The past 12 months have seen artificial intelligence computing company Nvidia go stratospheric as the generative AI boom saw it become one of the most valuable companies in the world. And CEO Jensen …     Taipei, Taiwan Generative artificial intelligence (AI) has already brought about a healthcare revolution and is set to transform everything from pharmaceutical research to patient diagnostics and pos… Nvidia has overtaken Apple to become the worlds second-most valuable company, with furious demand for the chipmakers shares taking its valuation to over $3 trillion. Shares of Nvidia gained 5.2 perc… Steve Sosnick, chief strategist of Interactive Brokers, spoke with Quartz for the latest installment of our Smart Investing video series. Watch the interview above and check out the transcript below… Nvidia reported its much awaited earnings for the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 and they didnt disappoint. The chipmaker reported a record first-quarter revenue of $26 billion, up 262% from the p… The advanced chips Nvidia developed for its market in China are reportedly not selling well, and its forcing the worlds most valuable chip company to cut prices to compete with homegrown competitors.… While chipmaker Nvidia sees its stock rally to new highs this year, one of the four stocks it publicly owns is also feeling the rush. SoundHound AI, an artificial intelligence-powered voice and conv… Nvidia could soon dethrone Apple as the second-most-valuable global company by market cap. The AI chipmakers stock price rose another 20% over the past five days as the company continued to prove it… The rapid rise of artificial intelligence has been led by a few key players in the tech world: Microsoft, OpenAI, and chipmaker Nvidia. Now, theyre all coming under federal scrutiny for their outsize… 