Mohammed bin Salman.Leon Neal/Getty Images Saudi Arabia is raising debt to plug holes in its finances, Bloomberg reported.Riyadh has pressed ahead with big spending projects as part… Saudia and Airbus announced the order on Monday.Courtesy of Saudia The Saudia Group announced an order for 105 Airbus jets on Monday.It comes as a reported Boeing order from Riyadh … A Comac C919.Wan Quan/VCG via Getty Images Saudi Arabia and the Chinese planemaker Comac have been in discussions, Reuters reported.Comac aims to compete with Airbus and Boeing with… The planned design for The Line in Neom.Neom Saudi Arabia has embarked on its ambitious project to build a city in the shape of a line. While the concept of linear urban design has … In the early hours of Sunday morning in Riyadh, Oleksandr Usyk, of Ukraine, and Tyson Fury, of England, fought to be named the undisputed heavyweight champion of the world. Boxing has lost much of it… Elon Musk.Taylor Hill via Getty Images Elon Musk's OpenAI rival, xAI, says it just raised $6 billion in funding from investors.The AI startup is backed by VCs like Sequoia Capital a…   This article has been reviewed according to Science X's editorial process and policies. Editors have highlighted the following attributes while ensuring the content's credibility: fact-checked … Saudi Arabia is looking to diversify its economy away from crude oil, and is turning to what some consider its modern day equivalent: semiconductors. The kingdom announced its National Semiconductor… Goldman Sachs may set up its Middle East regional hub in Saudi Arabia, in line with a recent push by the kingdom to bring global corporations within its borders. The New York-based investment bank re… Its one of the worlds newest travel destinations, offering surreal desert landscapes and teeming reefs ripe for adventure and a window into a rich culture shuttered to the outside world for decades. … Saudi Minister of Energy Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman al-Saud attends the Future Sustainability ... Summit at Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre (ADNEC) on January 14, 2020. (Photo by KARIM SAHI… President Joe Biden meets Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman at Alsalam Royal Palace in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, on July 15, 2022.Photo: Royal Court of Saudi Arabia/Anadolu Agency via Getty Image W… Saudi soldiers inspect F15SA fighter jets during the 91st term graduation ceremony of The King ... Faisal Air Academy and its 50th foundation anniversary at The King Faisal Air Academy in Riyadh,… A Patriot missile battery is seen near Prince Sultan air base at al-Kharj on February 20, 2020. ... (Photo by ANDREW CABALLERO-REYNOLDS / POOL / AFP) (Photo by ANDREW CABALLERO-REYNOLDS/POOL/AFP … Saudi Arabia is set to sponsor the Women's Tennis Association's rankings for the next five years in the third major tennis deal to be struck in the Kingdom this year, as the country continues its hig… A Saudi F-15 fighter jet landing at the Khamis Mushayt military airbase, some 880 km from the ... capital Riyadh, on November 16, 2015. (FAYEZ NURELDINE/AFP via Getty Images) AFP via Getty Image… Real Madrid legend Toni Kroos took another swipe at Saudi Arabia and players who choose to continue ... their careers there, while also briefly discussing who should replace him at the Bernabeu d… Dubai-based fractional property investment platform Stake has raised $14 million in Series A funding.© 2024 TechCrunch. All rights reserved. For personal use only. This story appeared on techcrunch.…  Iran says that Saudi Arabia expelled six members of a crew from its state television broadcaster after they had been detained for nearly a week in the kingdom ahead of the Hajj. #iran#saudiarabia T… While Redditters have plenty of good advice for sober cruisers, including choosing a more upscale cruise line whose clientele is older travelers, and itineraries with very few sea days, theres now an… Posted in: Sports, TV, WWE | Tagged: wrestling, WWE Raw Tony Khan BETTER WATCH OUT! Tonight's WWE Raw is going to be LEGENDARY, with FOUR King and Queen of the Ring matches! You won't want to miss t… Saudi Arabias central bank has joined Project mBridge a cross-border experiment with central bank digital currencies (CBDCs) for international trade as a full participant, the Switzerland-based Bank … Kevin De Bruyne is talking with his family about possibly moving to Saudi Arabia as a free agent next year, the Manchester City playmaker said Tuesday. The Belgium star will have just turned 34 and … The United States and Saudi Arabia are "days away" from concluding the documents that would forge a historic bilateral agreement that has long been a top priority for President Joe Biden as it would … By Lisa Barrington SEOUL (Reuters) - Chinese planemaker COMAC is eyeing Saudi Arabia as a launch pad for its international ambitions, as the state-owned company steps up efforts to sell overseas and… China Offshore Oil Engineering Company (COOEC) has awarded a contract to Norway-based ABL, to provide marine warranty survey (MWS) services for the CRPO 122 project at the Safaniya oil field offshore… (Bloomberg) -- Saudi Arabia said its working with top airplane makers Boeing and Airbus to get its aluminum and titanium approved for use in their planes as part of a push to get more manufacturing d…  The Saudi Fund for Development (SFD) is providing a $103m loan to help build and equip the Carlos Centeno Hospital in Las Minas in the Republic of Nicaragua. In this regard, an agreement was formali… (Bloomberg) -- One is a desert kingdom weaning itself off fossil fuels. The other a lush agricultural powerhouse laden with minerals. Saudi Arabia and Brazil are thousands of miles apart, but fate is… Photo by Chris Unger/Zuffa LLC via Getty Images Pereira beat Potieria so badly that ‘Duelist’ wont be able to fight Magomedov in Saudi Arabia. So ‘Bullet’ now wants Pereira to replace him. Ihor… Posted in: Sports, TV, WWE | Tagged: nia jax, recaps, wrestling, WWE King and Queen of the Ring Tony Khan tried to stop The Chadster from witnessing Nia Jax's historic Queen of the Ring victory in S… Posted in: Sports, TV, WWE | Tagged: gunther, recaps, wrestling, WWE King and Queen of the Ring The Chadster declares Gunther the greatest King of the Ring winner EVER after an epic match with Randy… MAKKAH: The government of Saudi Arabia issued a notification to all heads of haj delegations from various countries on Thursday (May 30) about strict security measures to curb visa misuse during the … (Tokyo) Japan s Prime Minister Fumio Kishida should publicly call on Saudi Arabia s de facto ruler, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, to respect human rights, Human Right Watch said today. The cro…   (Bloomberg) -- Saudi Arabias wealth fund is starting to add some new fine print to the documents it sends to bankers hoping to do business with the $925 billion investor. It wants to know whether the…    Saudi Arabia is preparing for a multi-billion-dollar share sale for its oil and gas company Aramco, potentially as early as June, reported Reuters, citing sources. The sources added that the divestu…      It's the biggest fight in a generation. The first undisputed heavyweight boxing title fight in the four-belt era. Tyson Fury and Oleksandr Usyk will meet in boxing's new home, Riyadh, as the Saudi …   SEPANG: Minister in the Prime Ministers Department (Religious Affairs) Datuk Dr Mohd Naim Mokhtar departed for Saudi Arabia to undertake an official visit and perform the haj pilgrimage on Saturday (… (Geneva) A forced labor complaint against the Saudi Arabian government filed by a global trade union is a significant warning to Saudi authorities and businesses and investors in the country about th…  Lenovo, the world's largest PC maker, is raising US$2 billion by issuing zero-coupon convertible bonds to a unit of Saudi Arabia's sovereign wealth fund, close on the heels of similar offerings made … Mediagazer presents the day's must-read media news on a single page. The media business is in tumult: from the production side to the distribution side, new technologies are upending the industry. … Photo by Amy Kaplan/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images A major UFC event in Saudi Arabia for 2025 came about after the Kingdom approached Dana White about holding Power Slap in their country. The… Photo by GIUSEPPE CACACE/AFP via Getty Images Saudi Arabia is looking to become a staple in combat sports. The Middle Eastern country has already made a footprint in boxing, holding events head… Saudi Arabia is making expansive plans to become a major national, regional and international market for ecommerce. That’s in spite of access-to-market issues and other barriers to doing business. S… Saudi Arabian officials have reportedly allowed the use of lethal force against local villagers to clear land and construct the "green" city named Neom, or "The Line." Saudi Arabian dissident and fo… There will indeed be a rematch. Oleksandr Usyk, who claimed the undisputed heavyweight title in outpointing Tyson Fury earlier this month, will rematch the "Gypsy King" on Dec. 21 in Saudi Arabia, Tu… As Israels war in Gaza continues to rage, there has been no shortage of mixed signals recently over whether the conflict is on the verge of a major escalation or the cusp of a diplomatic breakthrough… Oleksandr Usyk defeated Tyson Fury via split decision | Photo by Fayez Nureldine/AFP via Getty Images The highly anticipated rematch between legendary heavyweights Oleksandr Usyk and Tyson Fury… Photo by Chris Unger/Zuffa LLC via Getty Images UFC’s debut fight card in Saudi Arabia is nearly complete. The promotion announced the updated lineup for the June 22 card, which is headlined by… Saudi Arabia on Sunday announced the appointment of its first ambassador to Syria since severing ties with Damascus in 12 years, marking an ongoing thawing in relations since the war-torn country was… Beirut Saudi Arabia on Sunday announced the appointment of its first ambassador to Syria since severing ties with Damascus in 12 years, marking an ongoing thawing in relations since the war-torn cou… The United States is nearing a landmark defense treaty with Saudi Arabia which would offer the Gulf state U.S. defense guarantees in exchange for Israeli normalization, the Wall Street Journal report… Riyadh, Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia said Tuesday pilgrims can expect average high temperatures of 44 degrees Celsius (111 Fahrenheit) during the Hajj, which last year saw thousands of cases of heat st… Get the latest news from around the world, live coverage, off-beat stories, features and analysis. https://sputnikglobe.com/20240518/sullivan-to-visit-saudi-arabia-on-saturday-amid-tensions-in-rafah… Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has repeatedly rejected calls for the creation of a Palestinian state, claiming it would become a "terror haven". US Secretary of State Antony Blinken, for h… The BWI cited allegations of illegal recruitment fees demanded, wages and passports withheld, limits on workers leaving jobs, plus physical and sexual violence particularly against female and domesti… Saudi Arabia is moving aggressively with its investments in more gaming companies, the Canadian industry veteran steering the kingdom's push to become a global hub for the sector told AFP Friday. Th… Local Cybersecurity Cloud Infrastructure to Support Digital Transformation Digital transformation is at the heart of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabias ambitious Vision 2030 program as the nation looks to… The heavyweight rematch between undisputed world champion Oleksandr Usyk and Tyson Fury will take place on Dec 21 in Saudi Arabia, according to the advisor who organizes boxing events in the kingdom.… Abstract Background Community pharmacists play an important role in increasing vaccination rates especially in countries where they offer vaccination services and administration. However, little is… Get the latest news from around the world, live coverage, off-beat stories, features and analysis. https://sputnikglobe.com/20240602/saudi-arabia-will-not-attend-peace-conference-on-ukraine-as-russi… BEIRUT Saudi Arabia on Sunday announced the appointment of its first ambassador to Syria since severing ties with Damascus in 12 years, marking an ongoing thawing in relations since the war-torn coun… Washingtons relationship with Riyadh began to wane after Joe Biden took office in January 2021. Biden, a strong critic of Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, moved to restrict the sale of offen… Photo by Richard Pelham/Getty Images Saudi Arabia has big plans for the UFC. As the promotion prepares to land in Saudi Arabia for the first time on June 22 with a card headlined by Khamzat Chi… Manchester City star midfielder Kevin De Bruyne has admitted that he is open to potentially joining a Saudi Pro League team. The Middle Eastern division has experienced a boom in recent years by sign… As the new season approaches, Barcelona find themselves with an abundance of centre-backs. The current roster includes stalwarts like Jules Kounde, Ronald Araujo, Andreas Christensen, Inigo Martinez,… Massimiliano Allegri, the renowned Italian coach, is reportedly setting his sights on a managerial position in the Premier League following his departure from Juventus. But controversy marked his sec… The United States is close to closing a mutual defense pact under which it would be obligated to ensure the security of Saudi Arabia, the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday, citing US and Saudi o… A Lagos resident who travelled on a holy pilgrimage to the kingdom of Saudi Arabia for the year 2024 annual Hajj pilgrimage, Oloshogbo Idris, has reportedly died on Tuesday. The pilgrim, according t… Summary: The U.S. and Saudi Arabia are nearing a defense pact that would strengthen their military cooperation and limit Chinese influence in the region. This agreement could also lead to Saudi Arabi… Sharabutdin Magomedov blames Michel Pereira for disrupting his upcoming fight. Magomedov was originally scheduled to fight Ihor Potieria at UFC Saudi Arabia on June 22. However, Potieria replac… After Tyson Fury and Oleksandr Usyk finally meet in the ring this weekend, boxing should have its first undisputed heavyweight champion in nearly a quarter-century. These are the two best fighters f… A global group of trade unions is accusing Saudi Arabia of abusing migrant workers in a complaint filed Wednesday with a U.N.-backed labor organization, which comes as FIFA prepares to confirm the oi… AMMAN Jordan has foiled two plots to smuggle millions of captagon pills through a border post near Saudi Arabia, in the biggest seizure in years of drugs smuggled by Iran-linked networks operating i… U.S. Central Command Press Release | May 12, 2024 USCENTCOM May 11, 2024Release Number 20240511 - 01FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE TAMPA, Fla. -- From May 9-10 Gen. Michael Erik Kurilla, commander of U.S.… People's Daily Online (Xinhua) 11:31, May 25, 2024 TEHRAN, May 24 (Xinhua) -- Iran's Interim President Mohammad Mokhber and Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman Al Saud on Friday reaffir… American troops might be pledged to defend Saudi territory soon. President Joe Biden is seeking a "mega-deal" that would bind the United States, Saudi Arabia, and Israel into a Middle Eastern militar… International Business Machines on Tuesday said that it will release a family of artificial intelligence models as open-source software, and that it will help Saudi Arabia train an AI system in Arabi… Saudi Arabian dealmakers believe that Kevin De Bruyne could be a transformative signing comparable to Cristiano Ronaldo after the Manchester City star revealed he would consider the "incredible amoun… memeorandum is an auto-generated summary of the stories that US political commentators are discussing online right now. Unlike sister sites Techmeme and Mediagazer, it is not a human-edited news out… The Executive Secretary of Kwara State Pilgrims Welfare Board, Abdulsalam Abdulkadir, has stated that two Nigerian pilgrims from the state contingent, Hajia Hawawu Mohammed and Salisu Mohammed, have … DUBLIN FIFA was urged by international lawyers Wednesday to uphold its own policy and scrutinize Saudi Arabia's human rights record before picking the kingdom to host the men's 2034 World Cup. A 22-… NEW YORK Saudi Arabia's move into tennis will now include a multiyear deal to sponsor the WTA women's rankings. The WTA released word of its partnership agreement with Saudi Arabia's Public Investme… 