Mark Savage,Music correspondent The most lucrative concert tour in music history lands in the UK on Friday, when Taylor Swift plays the first of three nights at Edinburghs Murrayfield Stadium. The … Competition for hotel rooms is fierce ahead of the Taylor Swift concerts in Edinburgh A number of homeless people have been sent out of Edinburgh to make way for tourists ahead of Taylor Swift perfo… Pop star Taylor Swift (left) and former President Donald Trump (right).Andre Dias Nobre/AFP via Getty Images; Joe Raedle via Getty Images Taylor Swift endorsed Joe Biden in 2020, but Donald … Taylor Swift in March 2024.Ashok Kumar/TAS24/Getty Images The DOJ filed an antitrust lawsuit against Ticketmaster's parent, Live Nation Entertainment.The suit seeks to "break up" th… Elon Musk and Taylor Swift are known for their private jet travels.Getty Images President Biden passed a law allowing private aircraft owners to further cloak their travelsThe new l… By Charlie Devereux and Corina Pons MADRID (Reuters) - Police measured the decibel count of Taylor Swift's concert in Real Madrid's Bernabeu stadium after locals have complained of unbearable noise … Many large concerts feature wristbands that light up on command. They are used to produce varied visual effects across a stadium. One company that makes these is PixMob. Their controllable, illuminat… Every day I would run on the treadmill, singing the entire set list out loud, she told Time last year. Fast for fast songs, and a jog or a fast walk for slow songs. Then I had three months of dance … Travis Kelce had an on-the-surface uncomfortable moment Saturday night when Jason Sudeikis pressed him on sealing the deal with Taylor Swift, but it was all planned out. The 2 dudes, along with Robe… By Jon Brown, Christian Post Reporter Tuesday, May 14, 2024 Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images for The Recording Academy A centuries-old church in Germany drew more than 1,200 people on Sunday for worsh… Bill Swerskis Superfansor at least a few of those mustachioed Saturday Night Live veterans reunited in Kansas City over the weekend. But instead of extolling the virtues of Da Bears, Coach Ditka or e… The recent epic drama between Kendrick Lamar and Drake may have made the brutal diss track trendy again, but in the pop realm, indirect shade-throwing seems to be the order of the day. When the clash… PATRICK T. FALLON/AFP via Getty Images The relationship between Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce and pop star Taylor Swift was the talk of the football world for the past year, and star qua… PATRICK T. FALLON/AFP via Getty Images An NFL executive says the league took into consideration other schedules, including those of Taylor Swift and the Baltimore Orioles, when planning the 2024 sea… Taylor Swift fans have bad blood with a fellow Swiftie who left their infant lying on the floor of the Paris arena where Taylor's performing. The shocking photo has gone viral, for obvious reasons, … Taylor Swift's French definitely doesn't have to be pardoned ... 'cause she said a few words pretty perfectly while directing attention to a fan in need. The singer-songwriter was onstage during her… It's a new week, so you know what that means ... a new set of TMZ TV hot takes to unpack. TMZ Live First up, on "TMZ Live," Harvey and Charles discuss Taylor Swift's concert in Stockholm, Sweden ..… Travis Kelce looks like he's feeling pretty damn good after his whirlwind trip to Europe with Taylor Swift ... bringing a renewed energy to his music festival this weekend, and letting everyone know … Taylor Swift and Kim Kardashian are among the biggest celebs being blocked en masse on social media -- and it all has to do with the Israel-Palestine war, among other issues. The two superstars -- w… TGIF TMZ fans ... now, start your final workday off right with the best clips TMZ has to offer. TMZ Live On "TMZ Live," Charles and Charlie talk Taylor Swift and Kim Kardashian getting boycotted on… Charlie Puth probably wouldn’t be releasing his new song “Hero” if it wasn’t for Taylor Swift. Puth was in the middle of having lunch one day last month when a friend who’d heard a leak of Swift’s T… Taylor Swift brought The Tortured Poets Department itself to Lisbon, Portugal as she performed her new album’s title track live for the first time Saturday. “This has become a tradition on the Eras … Taylor Swift marked her 89th show on the Eras Tour in Stockholm, Sweden at Friends Arena on Saturday, and as Swifties could expect, she threw in some surprises. The show was her second performance of… If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, Rolling Stone may receive an affiliate commission. It’s a vinyl world — we’re just spinning in it. Over … Sorry to the very specific group of people who fall into the center of the Swifties and Marvel fans Venn diagram, but Taylor Swift is not inDeadpool &amp; Wolverine. Over the weekend, a teaser trai… The ever-expanding universe of Taylor Swift‘sThe Tortured Poets Departmenthas spread out once again. The singer and songwriter has released new versions of three songs from the newly-released album. … Is Lady Gaga streaming The Tortured Poets Departmenttoo? On Tuesday, the pop star shared a TikTok making reference to one of Taylor Swift‘s lyrics and directing her fans to register to vote as she cl… An upcoming book about Donald Trump and the impact of his hit reality TV series The Apprentice contains, for some reason, some new Donald Trump thoughts about Taylor Swift. The excerpt was revealed… The Department of Justice reportedly plans to sue Live Nation Entertainment for antitrust violations over Ticketmasters dominance in the concert ticket market as soon as Thursday. The Justice Depar… Many large concerts feature wristbands that light up on command. They are used to produce varied visual effects across a stadium. One company that makes these is PixMob. Their controllable, illuminat… Earlier this spring, as you may have heard, Taylor Swift released her latest album The Tortured Poets Department. It’s long. In its final form, Tortured Poets stretches 31 tracks over two hours. At l… With “Bridgerton” Season 3 set to launch this week, prepare to be swept away with more orchestral pop covers from artists including the Vitamin String Quartet, which delivered covers of Ariana Grande… He said, Theres no problem with sharks. They just didnt really understand a young woman swimming. No really got decimated and other people too, a lot of shark attacks, Trump recalled, his voice pitch… The price of attending a concert has skyrocketed in recent years so much so that it turned what used to be a relatable experience into an exclusive event. It can be extremely disappointing for fans t… Taylor Swift didn’t have many friends growing up and made her schoolmates roll their eyes at her confident claim that she would be a “star,” people who knew her as a child recently said. Others highl… Once again, a female celebrity’s body has been intensely scrutinized on social media, with Taylor Swift becoming the latest victim of pregnancy rumors based on a few-second clip of her performing at … Taylor Swift has been accused of “weaponizing” her fans to compete with Billie Eilish after weeks of speculation pointed to a possible rift between the two stars. An “insider” close to Billie recent… When JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon speaks, people tend to listen. Especially when he talks about the state of the economy. In 2024 so far, Dimon has done a lot of talking and writing about the coun… Given the worsening divisions in the United States, theres a growing possibility that the country could fall into a civil war, according to Bridgewater Associates founder Ray Dalio but he thinks a ce… Hey there, pals and cat enthusiasts. Don't you feel like cat owners always get a bad rap in the media? Dog pawrents seem to get all the love and limelight, but what about some love for our other four… Sorry, Swifties it appears Taylor Swift isn't in Deadpool &amp; Wolverine after all. That news comes via an Entertainment Weekly report today, which claims to have confirmed that Swift won't be in t… Sorry, Swifties it appears Taylor Swift isn't in Deadpool &amp; Wolverine after all. That news comes via an Entertainment Weekly report today, which claims to have confirmed that Swift won't be in t… Taylor Swift‘s Eras Tour is expanding. The multi-Grammy-winning singer-songwriter has announced three opening acts she has added to her Wembley Stadium Eras Tour shows in London — Mette on Friday, Ju… Travis Kelce traveled to Paris to support Taylor Swift as the singer added songs from The Tortured Poets Department to the Eras Tour. Swift kicked off a four-night presentation at the Paris La Défen… Over a year into Taylor Swift’sEras tour, she has found ways to keep the show fresh and new for those who have been waiting since she opened in Phoenix, Arizona in March 2023 to see her. Since the to… Over a year into Taylor Swift’sEras tour, she has found ways to keep the show fresh and new for those who have been waiting since she opened in Phoenix, Arizona in March 2023 to see her. Since the to… TORONTO, ONTARIO - SEPTEMBER 09: (NO COVERS) Taylor Swift attends 'In Conversation With... Taylor ... Swift' during the 2022 Toronto International Film Festival at TIFF Bell Lightbox on September… Bridgerton / Taylor Swift Courtesy of Netflix/Getty Images One of the best parts about a new season of Bridgerton is its dreamy orchestral covers of the most beloved pop songs. With Penelope and Co… LAS VEGAS, NEVADA - APRIL 03: (L-R) Musicians Caleb Followill, Nathan Followill, Matthew Followill ... and Jared Followill of Kings Of Leon attend the 64th Annual GRAMMY Awards at MGM Grand Garde… TORONTO, ONTARIO - SEPTEMBER 09: (NO COVERS) Taylor Swift attends 'In Conversation With... Taylor ... Swift' during the 2022 Toronto International Film Festival at TIFF Bell Lightbox on September… Were trying out something a little new here: Each week, well be taking a quick look at the newest Billboard charts to see, in the immortal words of Shakespeare, who loses and who wins; whos in, whos … The L.A. Chargers released their schedule by channeling The Sims with a few famous cameos. In Week 4 of the NFL season, the Bolts will host the reigning Super Bowl champions, the Kansas City Chiefs,… Taylor Swift has been urged by a BBC nature presenter to reconsider to curtail her “absurd” use of private jets. Chris Packham, a longtime host of BBC nature programs and a tireless environmental ca… Taylor Swift wowed the Scottish crowd on her first UK tour date Friday evening, earning five-star reviews across the board for her three-and-a-half-hour performance in Edinburgh. But the star had to… It’s the question on every Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce fan’s mind. Jason Sudeikis asked it in public. While in character for a skit during the Big Slick Celebrity Weekend in Kansas City, Missouri… For years, fans of Taylor Swift have speculated about the extent of her musical abilities, often focusing on the question of whether or not the extraordinarily popular singer-songwriter can read musi… A cold war between pop music titans or at least their mobilizing fan bases and record labels turned into a digital arms race this week as both Taylor Swift and Billie Eilish gunned for the No. 1 spot… After fans speculated that Lady Gaga may be pregnant, she took matters into her own hands and responded to the rumors with a Taylor Swift reference. The Anti-Hero singer herself slammed the rumors ab… Taylor Swift is a woman of many talents. In addition to being a music icon, the singer is also a songwriter, producer, director, and businesswoman. However, fans suspect Swift has been hiding a knack… Everyone Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce know understands why it's meant to be. After all, the guy on the Chiefs' barber, Pat Regan, shared insight into the couple's relationship and when he thinks w… However, Jason also acknowledged how Kylie, 32, has seen the positives in the family's newfound famespecifically in how she can help others. "She enjoys the fact that she gets to go and do charitab… HarrisonButker is facing backlash. The Kansas City Chiefs kicker has come under fire online for the commencement address he delivered at Benedictine College in Atchison, Kan. that saw him discussing… Taylor Swift thinks celebrities shouldn't always have to shake it off. Especially when it comes to shallow scrutiny over their bodies. Case in point: the "Shake It Off" singer's defense of Lady Gaga… Taylor Swift has left the building. In Portugal anyway – but it seems the European country and its capital has left its mark on the record-breaking star. After wrapping her second and final concert … Taylor Swift is coming out to defend Lady Gaga after rumors that she is pregnant. The “Bejeweled” singer replied to a video Gaga shared on TikTok “Can we all agree that it’s invasive &amp; irrespo… Claim: An image shared online in late May 2024 showed singer Taylor Swift was pregnant. On May 27, 2024, an X user posted an image of pop star Taylor Swift and claimed it showed the singer was preg… While Travis has certainly pushed himself to new heights of success, his partnership with Taylor has been one of the most unlikely things to come into fruition for him. "I don't know how I did it b… Taylor Swift attends the "All Too Well" premiere at AMC Lincoln Square on November 12, 2021 in New ... York. (Photo by ANGELA WEISS / AFP) (Photo by ANGELA WEISS/AFP via Getty Images) AFP via Ge… LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - DECEMBER 12: (L-R) Taylor Swift and Billie Eilish are seen with FIJI Water ... and JNSQ at Billboard's Women In Music 2019 on December 12, 2019 in Los Angeles, Californi… Taylor Swift performs at Groupama Stadium on June 02, 2024 in Lyon, France. (Photo by John ... Shearer/TAS24/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management ) Getty Images for TAS Rights Management Inte… NEW YORK, NY - APRIL 23: Taylor Swift attends the 2019 Time 100 Gala at Frederick P. Rose Hall, ... Jazz at Lincoln Center on April 23, 2019 in New York City. (Photo by Jamie McCarthy/WireImage) … BEVERLY HILLS, CALIFORNIA - FEBRUARY 09: Kanye West attends the 2020 Vanity Fair Oscar Party hosted ... by Radhika Jones at Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts on February 09, 2020 in… MEXICO CITY, MEXICO - AUGUST 24: EDITORIAL USE ONLY. Taylor Swift performs onstage during the ... "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour" at Foro Sol on August 24, 2023 in Mexico City, Mexico. (Photo by H… Kansas City Chiefs star Travis Kelce made his first public comments on his teammate Harrison Butkers pot-stirring commencement address earlier this month, distancing himself from the traditionalist v… LYON, FRANCE - JUNE 02: EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO BOOK COVERS Taylor Swift performs at Groupama Stadium ... on June 02, 2024 in Lyon, France. (Photo by John Shearer/TAS24/Getty Images for TAS Rights… LAS VEGAS, NEVADA - SEPTEMBER 23: (FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY) Morgan Wallen performs onstage during the ... 2022 iHeartRadio Music Festival at T-Mobile Arena on September 23, 2022 in Las Vegas, Neva… Self-made women Beyoncé and Taylor Swift continue to break their own records and write The Manuscript for success. June 7th, 2024 L ights, camera, and smile, Taylor Swift sings on one track off he… 2023 belonged to Taylor Swift, so naturally, the writer of a forthcoming book about Donald Trump and the history of The Apprentice made sure to ask the former president his opinion on the pop star wh… On Wednesday, Taylor Swift took to social media to vehemently defend fellow pop star Lady Gaga from a wave of pregnancy rumors. The speculation over Gaga was sparked by paparazzi photos of the ARTP… Gracie Abrams‘ new album, The Secret of Us, will include a collaboration with Taylor Swift. Ahead of the album’s June 21st release, Abrams has unveiled 13-song tracklist. Swift is featured on track … Listen via: Apple Podcasts | Spotify | Amazon Music | More Platforms “Wait, it’s all been about Matty Healy? Always has been….” On this episode of Good for a Weekend, hosts Kressie and MK dive into … As any Swiftie (or internet-using individual in the year 2024) will tell you, securing tickets to see Taylor Swift on “The Eras Tour” is no easy feat. As the record-shattering global trek continues, … Entertainment gossip and news from Newsweek's network of contributorsBlake Lively stars in the highly-anticipated film adaptation of It Ends With Us and fans were given an official trailer, with an u… Matt Biffa knows that for any romantic teen drama, music is one of the most important love languages. So when the music supervisor got his hands on the scripts for Apple TV+s period piece The Buccane… Europes stock market nest of growing companies may be awaiting a new hatchling.Luxury sneaker brand Golden Goose is preparing for an initial public listing in Milan as early as this week, Bloomberg r… A growing number of public figures want to protect and capitalise upon their identity by filing for trademarks. Some requests are more surprising than others.Taylor Swift earlier this month filed a t… Taylor Swift has long been credited with an outsized influence on music, celebrity culture even politics. But reviving the UKs flagging economy may be too much to ask, even of the sequinned megastar.… Entertainment gossip and news from Newsweek's network of contributorsWhile Swifties were watching, waiting and desperately hoping for any kind of reference to the singer on Jake Gyllenhaal and Sabrin… Taylor Swift has been urged by a BBC nature presenter to reconsider to curtail her absurd use of private jets.Chris Packham, a longtime host of BBC nature programs and a tireless environmental campai… Taylor Swift has had a number of prominent features on her recent albums, but it hasnt often gone the other way. But shes gracing one of her favorite tourmates with a guest appearance on an upcoming … Why is Nvidia boss the 'Taylor Swift of tech'?These days, wherever Jensen Huang goes, crowds chant his name and scramble for selfies and autographs. He is not your usual celebrity - rather, the 61-ye… Entertainment gossip and news from Newsweek's network of contributorsAfter a mysterious figure appeared at one of Taylor Swift's Madrid Eras Tour shows in late May, fans are desperately trying to fig… Annabelle Liang,Business reporter Mr Huang was a draw for attendees of Taiwan's Computex event These days, wherever Jensen Huang goes, adoring crowds chant his name and scramble for selfies and aut…  Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds, sitting in a tree At Taylor Swifts Eras Tour concert in Madrid Thursday (May 30), the famous couple shared an adorable moment while watching the show from a VIP sectio… Taylor Swift fansotherwise known as Swiftieshave pointed out how much the singer's performance of a particular song has changed in a year.The 34-year-old pop superstar has had a phenomenal run since … Taylor Swift might've filled another blank space for Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively: The name of their fourth child. Four years after the Grammy winner subtly announced the moniker of the couple's t… Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce can't fight that alchemy. The "Fortnight" singer and Kansas City Chiefs tight end looked all loved up during a romantic dinner in Lake Como, Italy, May 16. The couple'… Sam Heughan's love for Taylor Swift is reaching outlandish proportions. In a behind the scenes clip from Outlander, the actor behind Jamie Fraser joked that when he and the cast go to see Taylor pe… Nikki Glaser has more thoughts on The Greatest Roast of All Time: Tom Brady, and this time, she’s defending Kim Kardashian. Kardashian appeared on the Netflix comedy special and was booed when she t… 