 A Tesla owner in Ohio had a terrifying experience recently when his car tried to drive him right into a crossing train, according to multiple videos posted to the Tesla Motors Club forum. The vehicle… Another executive is leaving Tesla.Frederic J. Brown/Getty Renjie Zhu, director of manufacturing engineering at Tesla's Austin Gigafactory, said he left the company.The executive ca… Enlarge/ Tesla will have to rely on its Dojo supercomputer for a while longer after CEO Elon Musk diverted 12,000 Nvidia GPU clusters to X instead. 161 Elon Musk is yet again being accused of diver… Tesla is reported to end support for Steam-delivered PC games in its latest Model S and Model X (pictured), which might strike some as odd considering Tesla automobiles are mainly used for transport … A group of Tesla investors is urging shareholders to oppose a $46 billion compensation plan proposed for CEO Elon Musk, stating that it was not in the best interests of the electric vehicle manufactu… "Last week, we reported on a customer who was charged $277 for gasoline his rented Tesla couldn't have possibly used," writes the automotive blog The Drive."And now, we've heard from other Hertz cust… Tesla posted a series of AI and Autopilot roles.ODD ANDERSEN/Getty Images Tesla is hiring for its Autopilot division following weeks of mass layoffs.The automaker listed several eng… Tesla investors are voting on whether Elon Musk's pay package should be reinstated.Steve Granitz/FilmMagic // Stephen Lam /Reuters Telsa faces investor pushback on reinstating Elon Musk's $5… Tesla board chair Robyn Denholm said Tesla needs Elon Musk right now.Frederic J. Brown/Getty Tesla board chair argues Musk's leadership is needed at the company right now, in a CNBC intervie… Close-up of the new Silverado EV WT plugged into a charging station.General Motors Chevrolet is ready for the new wave of EV customers.The stalwart Detroit brand is ready to close t… The Ford F-150 Lightning (top left), Rivian R1T (top right), and Tesla Cybertruck (bottom).Getty Ford's F-150 Lightning was the most popular EV pickup in March, per S&P Global Mobility data.… Elon Musk.Beata Zawrzel/Getty Images Institutional Shareholder Services recommends Tesla shareholders vote against Musk's huge pay deal.It comes after Glass Lewis, another proxy adv… Elon Musk is CEO of Tesla.VCG/Getty Tesla staff are living in limbo as Elon Musk's job cuts continue.The layoffs are likely to continue through at least June, Bloomberg reported.</l… Tesla chair Robyn Denholm talked about what could happen if shareholders reject Elon Musk's pay package on June 13.Fairfax Media/Getty Tesla board chair discussed what could happen if Elon M… Elon Musk.Grzegorz Wajda/SOPA/Getty Images Norway's sovereign wealth fund will oppose Elon Musk's $56 billion pay package at Tesla.Tesla shareholders will vote on the deal on Thursd… Ron Baron and Tesla CEO Elon Musk.Associated Press via Business Wire Tesla shareholder Ron Baron has backed Elon Musk's $56 billion pay package. The investor said that without Musk… Tesla is walking back offers of employment for full time staff.Brandon Bell via Getty Images Tesla is rescinding job offers for incoming full-time employees.The move is part of broa… A group of Tesla Shareholders want Kimbal Musk and James Murdoch out as board members of the EV company.Chris Saucedo/Getty Images fpr SXSW // Steve Granitz/FilmMagic // Dia Dipasupil/Getty Images fo… ALAIN JOCARD/ Getty Images Tesla investor Michael Perry sued Elon Musk for insider trading.He accused Musk of selling $7.5B worth of Tesla stock, knowing the company would miss Q4 t… Tesla (TSLA) shareholders are set to vote on a $56 billion pay package for CEO Elon Musk. A number of investors who have large stakes in Tesla have been speaking out about how they are voting. In th… After Elon Musk made a shock decision to let the full Tesla Supercharger team go, some of the almost 500-member-strong team are returning after being re-hired. According to people familiar with the … Tesla CEO Elon Musk said he was dissolving the company's Supercharger team last month.Beata Zawrzel/NurPhoto via Getty Images; Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) Tesla's Supercharger team was dec… The BYD Seal 06 will be one of two models to get the new hybrid technology, which the EV maker says can enable a vehicle to travel more than 1,000 miles without stopping to charge or refuel.VCG/Getty… Tesla CEO Elon Musk.Beata Zawrzel/NurPhoto via Getty Images Elon Musk has been criticized for his decision to redirect Tesla's Nvidia chips to X. But Tesla's former head of AI infra… Tesla CEO Elon Musk is looking to get his $55 billion pay package re-approved.Sebastian Gollnow/Getty Images Tesla is spending money on ads to promote Elon Musk's $55 billion pay plan.<… Elon Musk.Tayfun Coskun/Anadolu via Getty Images Tesla is facing an uphill battle to get Elon Musk's $56 billion pay package approved, Tesla's chair said.Robyn Denholm told the Fina… Elon Musk.Steve Granitz/FilmMagic via Getty Images Tesla shareholders might have another reason to vote for Elon Musk's pay package this Thursday.Musk has been touting the benefits … STMicroelectronics has announced plans to build a giant factory in Italy that will make specialist microchips for EVs and other high-voltage power devices. The Swiss firm is the worlds largest produ… Kia The Kia EV3 is finally coming, and it could well end up being the best small-size electric SUV to buy when it finally rolls out. It’s smaller than the Kia EV9, but it offers many of the same des… Can the Kia EV3 Beat Tesla in the Cheap EV Space?Kia With the Chevrolet Bolt on a brief hiatus before (allegedly) returning in the next few years, the market for affordable, compact EVs seems largel…      Nico Murillo was laid off from Tesla after five yearsNico Murillo Nico Murillo, a former Tesla production supervisor, was laid off after five years at the company.Murillo lived in h… A Tesla owner went to the emergency room after slicing his wrist during a Cybertruck delivery.Chesnot/Getty Another Tesla owner reported an injury from the Cybertruck's sharp edges.… A Tesla showroom and service center in Amsterdam.John Thys/AFP via Getty Images Tesla doesn't want its suppliers to make all of their stuff in China and Taiwan, per Nikkei Asia.Supp… Newly completed Tesla Model Y electric cars stand at the new Tesla Gigafactory electric car manufacturing plant on March 25, 2022 near Gruenheide, Germany.Sean Gallup/Getty Images Tesla is o… Tesla is offering investors the chance to take a tour of the Austin gigafactory with Elon Musk.SUZANNE CORDEIRO/Getty Images Tesla is offering a potential Gigafactory tour with Elon Musk to … Tesla CEO Elon Musk.Grzegorz Wajda/SOPA/Getty Images The list of Tesla investors who oppose Elon Musk's multibillion-dollar pay package is growing.The chief investment officer of Ca…  [Stay on top of transportation news: Get TTNews in your inbox.] Tesla Inc. has reached a deal to resolve a lawsuit over the death of a Model S passenger in a fiery 2016 crash, marking the second tim… Peter Rawlinson believes that Lucid's technology is many years ahead of rival carmakers, including Tesla Lucid chief executive Peter Rawlinson has suggested that Tesla has become “distracted” and n… Tesla CEO Elon Musk, head of the world's largest EV manufacturer, doesn't want Washington's help in the auto market. Last week, the Biden administration announced it will hike tariffs on Chinese EVs … Imagine a truck that's compact enough to navigate city streets with ease yet powerful enough to haul your gear for outdoor adventures. That's the vision behind Telo, a company that's rethinking the t…   The Chapter was the very first knife released by The James Brand back in 2014 (and first featured here on Uncrate). In the decade following, they have continued to evolve and define the space of mode… Fire, the wheel, and the pocket knife three of mankind's most important tools. While modern life has made many once-essential tools unnecessary, the pocket knife remains indispensable. Based just out…   Battery range has long been an issue for those considering purchasing an electric vehicle. The latest news for the Tesla Model 3 "Highland" indicates that EV owners are closer than ever to making pit… The face of a man whos never been disowned by any of his kids for not accepting their identity - Photo: SONNY TUMBELAKA/AFP (Getty Images) Elon Musk has recently become convinced that hisfloundering… A Tesla vehicle in Full-Self Driving mode appeared to fail to detect a moving train and stop on its own, leading to a chaotic accident depicted in a video that has been viewed millions of times on so… Hertz's foray into renting EVs hasn't been a runaway success. The rental agency is liquidating its excess Teslas due to limited demand and tanking values, while those who have rented its EVs haven't … One of the first questions I get asked about my Tesla is, "What happens when you need to replace the battery?" It's easy to brush off because there are plenty of facts regarding failure statistics, w… Support us! We are indie developers! This site is made by just two indie developers on a laptop doing marketing, support and development! Read more about the story. Become a Premium Member ($3/mont… [Preliminary Note: there has been lots of action in the Tornetta v. Musk case since the Chancellors January 30 ruling rescinding the 2018 options grant to Elon Musk. I intend, within the next few day… May 30, 2024 Tesla’s Autowipers have been a long-standing issue for customers, as well as Tesla’s engineers. Elon Musk has often mentioned that improvements to Autowipers have been around the corne…    SHANGHAI Chinese electric vehicle maker Nio on Wednesday launched the first vehicle in its new lower-priced brand Onvo which aims to compete there with Tesla's Model Y, the world's best-selling EV. …  ALAIN JOCARD/ Getty Images A Tesla investor accused Elon Musk of using insider information on his company to sell $7.5 billion worth of Tesla stock in 2022, according to a lawsuit filed Thursday in … Tesla has left out its goal of delivering 20 million vehicles a year by 2030 in its latest impact report, another sign the company is tempering its auto ambitions as it shifts focus to robotaxis. Mu… Tesla investors are voting on whether Elon Musk's pay package should be reinstated.Steve Granitz/FilmMagic // Stephen Lam /Reuters Tesla is facing increasing pushback from investors regarding its bi…   Tesla Inc. is looking to woo its unusually large base of retail investors to get approval for Chief Executive Officer Elon Musks $56 billion pay package. To help lead that drive, the company's board…  Owners of Tesla stock will vote on June 13 to determine whether the company's CEO Elon Musk deserves a $46 billion payday. The date of the vote was confirmed by the Wall Street Journal, which says c… A recent study found that Tesla vehicle batteries degrade at a faster rate than the manufacturers warranty assures. Recurrent discovered that the range plummeted to 64% of the EPA-rated range after t…  Photo: Justin Sullivan (Getty Images) A recent study found that Tesla vehicle batteries degrade at a faster rate than the manufacturers warranty assures. Recurrent discovered that the range plummete… A Delaware man was arrested over the weekend after he allegedly stole a Tesla Cybertruck and led state troopers on a short but silly car chase. Milford resident Corey Cohee is accused of stealing the… It really seems like Tesla CEO Elon Musk is pushing his automakers needs by the wayside in favor of Twitter and his artificial intelligence company, xAI. It also looks as if Musk is going back on his… Injuringpeople, bricking after going through a carwash. Multipleoff-roadembarrassmentsthe Cybertruck has had a rough first year. And here we are again showing you another example of why the Cybertruc… UP.FIT, a division of Unplugged Performance that specializes in upfitting Teslas for fleet use, has introduced the worlds first Tesla Cybertruck police vehicle taking us one step closer to the types … The internet is littered with videos of children (and even adults) running headfirst into mirrors at those carnival mirror-maze-rooms. Imagine a mirror moving at breakneck speeds with the ability to … Teslas Supercharger network is almost universally regarded as the best in the U.S., but few have talked about how central it is to buyers perceptions of the company and their willingness to purchase …  Elon Musk has asked shareholders to approve a $56 billion compensation package. Chelsea Jia Feng/Bi; Grzegorz Wajda/SOPA/Getty Images Tesla investors are set to vote this week on Elon Musk's astrono… Tesla is facing a lawsuit brought under the US Clean Air Act by the Environmental Democracy Project (EDP) claiming pollution from its Fremont facility. According to the complaint [PDF]: "Tesla has e… A version of this article originally appeared on Gizmodo. When Teslas Cybertruck was first announced in 2019 it was hyped as a peek at the future of transportation. But six months after finally bein… New York City's Comptroller and seven financial firms are recommending that Tesla shareholders give a thumbs-down to the electric car maker's ~$50 billion pay package for CEO Elon Musk. The suggesti… Norway's sovereign wealth fund aims to shoot down Elon Musk's planned $56 billion compensation package at Tesla's annual shareholder meeting scheduled for Thursday this week, June 13. The fund, oper… iOS 18 includes a swathe of new Apple Intelligence features, as well as integration with ChatGPT for things like image generation and writing assistance. Users can optionally pass off their Siri requ… Good morning! Its Monday, June 4, 2024, and this is The Morning Shift, your daily roundup of the top automotive headlines from around the world, in one place. Here are the important stories you need … Were not exactly the biggest fans of the Tesla Cybertruck. Aside from being a 7,000-pound monstrosity that was apparently designed without crumple zones, its frunk has a taste for fingers, its doors … Good morning! Its Friday, May 24, 2024, and this is The Morning Shift, your daily roundup of the top automotive headlines from around the world, in one place. Here are the important stories you need … Teslas charge port has become the North American Charging Standard (NACS), but what does it take for non-Tesla owners to take advantage of the brands ubiquitous Supercharger network? Online retailers… Tesla had the idea back in March to begin giving new Tesla buyers a free month of access to its so-called Full Self-Driving software that doesnt actually make the car capable of full self-driving. So… When Tesla showed the Cybertruck beating a Porsche 911 down a drag strip while towing another Porsche 911, everyone who knew anything about cars was a bit, well, skeptical. As more information came o… Since first hitting production at the end of last year, the Tesla Cybertruck has had a rough go of it especially when compared to the Ford F-150 Lightning, one of its main competitors. Last month we … Tesla, the Elon Muskrun tech company whose mission statement is accelerating the worlds transition to sustainable energy, has just released a $450 lightning boltshaped bottle of Mezcal. How this bott… The Tesla Cybertruck is already outselling most of the electric pickup truck market, losing out only to the Ford F-150 Lightning. In March, the Cybertruck notched 1,158 new vehicle registrations. Tha… Tesla is having more seat belt problems. The company is recalling more than 125,000 Models S, X, 3, and Y because their seat belt warnings arent lighting up and chiming like theyre supposed to, the N… 